Divide et impera (#190)
azerothcore/mod-autobalance: README.md

# ![logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/azerothcore/azerothcore.github.io/master/images/logo-github.png) AzerothCore

## Beta testing warning

The current version of the master branch is currently in beta, under testing to ensure all the functionalities are working properly.

> If you encur in problems please open an Issue and consider to use the last [stable version](https://github.com/azerothcore/mod-autobalance/commit/5d2778e301ae7684051cdc446efbe81c7ff2a79b) of this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encur in problems please open an Issue and consider to use the last [stable version](https://github.com/azerothcore/mod-autobalance/releases/tag/stable) of this repository.
```
